# Cybersecurity incidents in 2020
In this document, I will discuss some of the largest cybersecurity breaches in recent years.

## Article 1
In Forbes' article [Zoom Gets Stuffed: Here’s How Hackers Got Hold Of 500,000 Passwords] (https://www.forbes.com/sites/daveywinder/2020/04/28/zoom-gets-stuffed-heres-how-hackers-got-hold-of-500000-passwords/?sh=3cc28efb5cdc), the way Zoom's data breach occurred was discussed. The consequences of this breach was determined to be the loss of half a million usernames and passwords from Zoom, which were later available on the dark web for free or at the cost of as low as a penny. In order to accomplish this, the attackers used databases on the dark web to acquire the usernames and passwords taken from prior hacks. This is because many people reuse their usernames and passwords.They then wrote a configuration file for a stress testing tool and used it on Zoom. Afterwards, the credential stuffing attack occurred and by using multiple bots to have varied IP addresses and introducing lag times between attempts, the breach was not detected as a denial of service attack. After finding the successful username/passwords combinations, they were collected into a database and ready to be sold.

Cybersecurity is increasingly important as so much of the world is now digitized. With the onset of the coronavirus pandemic and with everyone meeting virtually, even important meetings between important people are conducted virtually through applications like Zoom. This is why it is crucial that these applications are very careful about predicting how they may be attacked by hackers and taking multiple saftey measures. For example, I believe a possible way to minimize the success of this type of attack would be to pay attention to the requirements of usernames and passwords of other websites and use different requirements. For example, instead of the usual "one capital, at least eight characters, one number and a special character" Zoom could have required passwords to be at least twenty characters in length, or require two capitals, and run through these requirements annually. This would've likely prevented the attack method as people would have to come up with new passwords regularly.

## Article 2
The second article is by CPO magazine, called [Lifelabs Data Breach, the Largest Ever in Canada, May Cost the Company Over $1 Billion in Class-Action Lawsuit](https://www.cpomagazine.com/cyber-security/lifelabs-data-breach-the-largest-ever-in-canada-may-cost-the-company-over-1-billion-in-class-action-lawsuit/), which is about the largest data breach in Canadian history in terms of personal records exposed. Lifelabs, the biggest providers of lab diagnostics in the nation, reported the breach in mid December of 2019 even though it occurred in October, over two months earlier. Over 15 million Canadians were impacted, which is about 40% of the entire country, and the compromised information included lab tests, national health card numbers, and personal information like names, dates of birth, addresses and emails, along with login IDs and passwords.

Lifelabs' response to this breach is a good example of what not to do. Although the method of hacking is not mentioned in the article, it suggests that Lifelabs paid a ransom for the information, although this is not particularly helpful because the hackers have no reason to keep their word. Additionally, they are facing a class action lawsuit for about a billion dollars. Furthermore, they tried to compensate and keep their patients by offering a free year of credit monitoring by TransUnion. Unfortunately, TransUnion had also recently faced a data breach, and customers were not pleased. With such important information in their hands, and the great costs they are now facing, it would have been wise for Lifelabs to have saved a little more budget for cybersecurity, as the proper defenses to prevent or detect such an attack earlier would have likely cost a fraction of what they are currently paying. This is yet another reminder of the importance of cybersecurity in the modern world.

